that have a huge impact in our region
especially of the Jersey Shore barrier
islands like Long Beach Island can bear
the brunt of coastal flooding expected
with Sandy reaches us that's where nbc10
Murray is live
myself
well today I just look with the mayor
here in long beach township he tells me
there is a meeting set for 11 o'clock I
me with emergency officials local County
emergency officials they've also been
talking with the state who tells me that
they are hoping to determine to make the
evacuation notice mandatory says it's
too early to tell before this meeting
but people in the area are preparing
some are leaving right now the
evacuation to your on Long Beach Island
the 18 mile long islands they are
voluntary and we did find a few people
if we walk up here you can see this
house they have boarded up their windows
they're very close to the water this
part of the island has a very narrow
beach and so if we take a look at some
video we did find some other homes as
well taking those really extra
precautions putting boards over their
windows bringing in furniture bringing
in lawn chairs bringing in garbage cans
tying things down people say that
they're hoping they don't have to leave
but if the evacuation notice becomes
mandatory then really won't have a
choice
it's mandatory but I really against that
I'd rather be here in right to store now
now so take that
people are very hopeful this area didn't
see significant beach erosion during
Hurricane Irene you can see just how
narrow in the beaches the tide has gone
out a little bit as the morning has gone
on but still this June right here so
people are really keeping their fingers
crossed in the area of course we'll be
monitoring things throughout up and down
the Jersey Shore and i can tell you also
that Atlantic County is under a state of
emergency that's of six o'clock this
morning we're waiting to hear whether or
not Ocean County here we're Long Beach
Island is follow suit we'll keep you
posted on that for now we're live on
Long Beach Island Marissa Brady nbc10 do